# CS513-Project

## Authors

__Team 194__

Fabricio Brigagao <fb8@illinois.edu> \
Roberto Godoy <ard8@illinois.edu> \
Steve McHenry <mchenry7@illinois.edu>

## Summary
This repository contains the deliverables for the CS 513 group project. Included are the supplementary materials as dictated by the final project instructions, materials referenced within the Phase-II report, and additional analysis and profiling scripts that users may find of interest for their own research or expansion.

## Organization of Contents
This repository is organized into directories containing different aspects of the project.

### operation-history/
This directory contains the operation history for the project produced by workflow _W_. Except for the file named "Latitude-Longitude-Location-Stage2.json", all files in this directory are OpenRefine recipes generated by OpenRefine v3.5.2.

"Latitude-Longitude-Location-Stage2.json" describes operation history performed by SQL DML queries presented in a JSON recipe-like format.

### python/
This folder contains Python scripts for the project as described in the Phase-II report.

### sql/
This folder contains SQL queries. The prerequisite to execution are:
1. Microsoft SQL Server 2017 (or greater) as the database engine
1. A database named `CDPH` with the default collation `SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_AS`

This folder contains a separate README further describing the contents of the directory.

### yw-diagrams/
This folder contains YesWorkFlow diagrams (.yw) and Grahphiz Files (.gv) for the project, organized in 3 levels. WO gives an overview of the entire cleaning project. W1 describes the 3 phases of the project in more detail. Finally, W2 contain the diagrams for the OpenRefine recipes.

## tableau/
This folder contains the Tableau Desktop work files for the dashboard visualization published to Tableau Public with the cleaned dataset.
